README.md, before:

# LeeQuotes.com
![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Description

Welcome to <a href="https://samanthashleyrose.github.io/LeeQuotes.com/">LeeQuotes.com</a>, a collection of insightful and humorous quotes from our noteworthy instructor, Lee Warrick. 

[Navigating](#usage) the site is a breeze--simply follow the on-screen instructions to bring forth a new randomized quote, providing a delightful and engaging experience. Explore additional [Features](#features), such as the "Click to see full quote list" button, to access the entire collection of quotes.

LeeQuotes.com is designed to bring a touch of wisdom and amusement to your day, offering a unique and engaging way to experience the wit and wisdom of our instructor.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Features](#features)
- [How To Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

No installation necessary!

## Usage

Navigating LeeQuotes.com is straightforward. Click on the Magic 8 Ball image which will then shake, slowly revealing a quote. You may shake the Magic 8 Ball repeatedly to reveal new quotes at random.

See the [Features](#features) section to discover the "Click to see full quote list" button and its functionality.

![LeeQuotes.com Screenshot](./assets/images/LeeQuotes.com-SC.png)

## Credits

#### Quotes From:
<li>Lee Warrick -- <a href="https://leewarrick.com/">Personal Portfolio</a></li>

#### Technologies Used:
<li><a href="https://chat.openai.com/">ChatGPT</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.imagine.art/dashboard/tool/image-remix">Imagine Art</a></li>

#### Documentation Used:
<li><a href="https://www.shutterstock.com/search/magic-8-ball">Shutterstock</a></li>
<li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient/radial-gradient">MDN Web Docs Radial Gradient</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_replace.asp">W3Schools replace() Method</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css3_pr_animation-keyframes.php">W3Schools CSS @keyframes Rule</a></li>

## Features

click to see full quote list 
add demo video

## How to Contribute

If you've come across a particularly noteworthy quote from Lee that you believe should be featured on the site, your input is welcomed! To suggest a new quote, please open a new issue and upon review the approved quote will be promptly incorporated into the site.

Should you encounter any issues while using LeeQuotes.com, I encourage you to report them by opening a new issue or submitting a pull request through this repository. Your feedback is valuable and your contributions are appreciated.

Feel free to report concerns, propose enhancements, or share any suggestions you may have. Don't hesitate to reach out on any of these matters—-I am eager to engage with you and collaborate on LeeQuotes.com.

GitHub Profile: <a href="https://github.com/samanthashleyrose">samanthashleyrose</a><br>
Email: samantha.rose327@gmail.com

### Thank you for your interest and support!

## License

This project is licensed under the <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">MIT LICENSE</a> - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Embedded demo video to README

README.md, after:

# LeeQuotes.com
![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Description

Welcome to <a href="https://samanthashleyrose.github.io/LeeQuotes.com/">LeeQuotes.com</a>, a collection of insightful and humorous quotes from our noteworthy instructor, Lee Warrick. 

[Navigating](#usage) the site is a breeze--simply follow the on-screen instructions to bring forth a new randomized quote, providing a delightful and engaging experience. Explore additional [Features](#features), such as the "Click here for the full quote list" button, to access the entire collection of quotes.

LeeQuotes.com is designed to bring a touch of wisdom and amusement to your day, offering a unique and engaging way to experience the wit and wisdom of our instructor.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Features](#features)
- [How To Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

No installation necessary!

## Usage

Navigating LeeQuotes.com is straightforward. Click on the Magic 8 Ball image which will then shake, slowly revealing a quote. You may shake the Magic 8 Ball repeatedly to reveal new quotes at random.

See the [Features](#features) section for a demonstration on the functionality of the site and to discover the "Click here for the full quote list" button.

![LeeQuotes.com Screenshot](./assets/images/LeeQuotes.com-SC.png)

## Credits

#### Quotes From:
<li>Lee Warrick -- <a href="https://leewarrick.com/">Personal Portfolio</a></li>

#### Technologies Used:
<li><a href="https://chat.openai.com/">ChatGPT</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.imagine.art/dashboard/tool/image-remix">Imagine Art</a></li>

#### Documentation Used:
<li><a href="https://www.shutterstock.com/search/magic-8-ball">Shutterstock</a></li>
<li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient/radial-gradient">MDN Web Docs Radial Gradient</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_replace.asp">W3Schools replace() Method</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css3_pr_animation-keyframes.php">W3Schools CSS @keyframes Rule</a></li>

## Features

https://github.com/samanthashleyrose/LeeQuotes.com/assets/142939966/eaa254ed-3cb5-4899-ba6d-2c71f6b36744

## How to Contribute

If you've come across a particularly noteworthy quote from Lee that you believe should be featured on the site, your input is welcomed! To suggest a new quote, please open a new issue and upon review the approved quote will be promptly incorporated into the site.

Should you encounter any issues while using LeeQuotes.com, I encourage you to report them by opening a new issue or submitting a pull request through this repository. Your feedback is valuable and your contributions are appreciated.

Feel free to report concerns, propose enhancements, or share any suggestions you may have. Don't hesitate to reach out on any of these matters—-I am eager to engage with you and collaborate on LeeQuotes.com.

GitHub Profile: <a href="https://github.com/samanthashleyrose">samanthashleyrose</a><br>
Email: samantha.rose327@gmail.com

### Thank you for your interest and support!

## License

This project is licensed under the <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">MIT LICENSE</a> - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.
